Update README.md (#354)
rdfjs/N3.js: README.md

Write quads through `addQuad`.

```JavaScript

> const writer = new N3.Writer({ prefixes: { c: 'http://example.org/cartoons#' } }); // Create a writer with a special context as Graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const writer = new N3.Writer({ prefixes: { c: 'http://example.org/cartoons#' } }); // Create a writer which uses `c` as a prefix for the namespace http://example.org/cartoons#
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const writer = new N3.Writer({ prefixes: { c: 'http://example.org/cartoons#' } }); // Create a writer which uses `c` as a prefix for the namespace `http://example.org/cartoons#`
```
